1.Who is Mr. Brunner?
Chiron, a centaur and director of Camp Half-Blood.
Percy Jackson' father.
Percy Jackson's most feared enemy.
Zeus's most disliked servant.
0

2.What is the main conflict of the story?
Zeus's lightning bolt is stolen, and he blames it on Chiron, so Camp Half-Blood is destroyed and it is up to the campers to save it.
Zeus's lightning bolt is stolen, and he blames Percy for stealing it
It is up to Percy and his team to find it.
1

3.What happens in the Lotus Hotel and Casino?
Percy and his team are given a free stay in this hotel only to find that the people there claim it is 1 977, so they leave suspecting something is wrong.
Percy and his team are sent to the hotel and casino to enter the underworld, but the people in the hotel turn out to be monsters and there is a big fight.
0

4.Who is Grover?
Percy’s best friend and satyr (A human with goat feet and goat characteristics).
Percy’s friend (not best) who is extremely skilled at fighting.
Annabeth’s father who is very mean and rude to everone he meets and knows, including Annabeth and her friends.
0

5.What does Percy do at the beginning when Nancy Bobofit tries to annoy Grover by throwing her half-eaten lunch on his lap?
Somehow, Percy is able to attack Nancy with the water in the fountain.
Percy conjures molten rock and throws it at Nancy.
Percy makes Grover instantaneously teleport to another place near the museum.
Percy blows the museum to smithereens.
0

6.What happens to Percy, Annabeth, and Grover when they visit Aunty Em’s Garden Gnome Emporium?
Aunty Em sells Percy, Annabeth, and Grover a beautiful garden gnome which they find to be very valuable and sell it for a lot of money.
Aunty Em is Aunty “M”, “M” for Medusa, and she tries to turn the trio into statues because she wants revenge on what Athena did to Aunty Em, and Annabeth is a daughter of Athena.
1

7.What is the <i>Mist</i>?
A cooling product that sprays mist constantly at the user. It is very useful on hot days.
A type of mythological cloud that will absorb rain and prevent it from raining.
A type of rain that protects you from everyone else for a short period of time.
A cloak that prevents most Mortals from seeing the unrealistic things you are doing.
3

8.Why is the Gateway Arch damaged?
Percy Jackson uses water to destroy it in a dire situation while fighting Hades.
Echidna’s fire-breathing dog breathes fire on the Gateway Arch.
A heat wave causes unattended wood to start a fire on the Gateway Arch
Percy’s sword accidentally strikes the side of the Arch.
1

9.Why does Zeus blame Percy for stealing his lightning bolt?
Because Poseidon is not supposed to have children since he is a very important god, and he violated that rule.
Since Percy was able to steal Aegis Zeus’s shield.
Percy does not like to have water powers and wants to kill everything living in water.
Percy enjoys tormenting people when he can do so.
0

10.What is Camp Half-Blood?
Camp Half-Blood is a camp for unfortunate children who cannot find a safe environment for themselves in a regular schooling system.
Camp Half-Blood is a camp for children that have one parent as a Greek goddess or god.
1

11.Who is Dionysus?
Dionysus is the Greek god of Coca-Cola. He always is promoting how healthy this drink is.
Dionysus is a really annoying son of Hermes who pesters Percy to play with him.
Dionysus is the Greek god of wine. In the book, he is portrayed as Mr. D, and he cannot drink wine due to health issues.
2

12.True or False: Riptide’s official name is Aneklusmos.
True
False
1

13.How is the LotusCash card used after Percy, Annabeth, and Grover exit the Lotus Hotel and Casino?
Annabeth shreds all of their cards for good luck.
Grover gives the LotusCash card to a homeless person so that he can enjoy the benefits of the unlimited money.
Annabeth uses her LotusCash card to pay a large sum of money so a taxi driver can drive them to Los Angeles quickly.
2

14.Who actually stole the Zeus’s lightning bolt?
Luke, who serves Kronos but seems to be Percy’s friend for the entire book.
Annabeth, since she wanted the power to have a valued weapon.
Percy stole the bolt but he doesn’t realize it nor does anyone else until it is pointed out to him by Zeus and Percy is severely punished.
0

15.True or False: Luke tries to kill Percy with a Purple Scorpula.
True
False
1

16.Why do Percy, Annabeth, and Grover fly by airplane back to New York City even though flying is dangerous for them?
To show Zeus that he cannot scare people into doing what he wants.
They have to get back to New York quickly to deliver the lightning bolt back to Zeus and they don’t have time for other means of travel.
2

17.What do wood nymphs do when Percy climbs Mount Olympus?
They throw olives at him while giggling.
They guide him up the rugged mountain terrain.
They help him fix his wounds after getting attacked by a dragon.
They throw wood at him since they don’t want him coming to Mount Olympus.
0

18.True or False: The fireworks show in Camp Half-Blood consists of a couple of simple explosions.
True
False
1

19.Why is Percy dyslexic?
Since his mind is trained to read Ancient Greek, not English.
Since he didn’t practice active reading skills at a young age.
There’s no reason.
1

20. Is George Washington a Half-Blood? If so, who is he the son of?
No
Yes; Ares
Yes; Zeus
Yes; Athena
3

What role does Luke play in Percy’s prophecy?
It answers the statement: You will be betrayed by one who calls you a friend.
It answers the statement: There will be one that you never think to seek, yet he betrays you.
He is the one who will always be the aid to Percy’s missions.
He will always be Percy’s worst enemy, which is stated in the prophecy.
0