1. Who is Chuck?
A fast Runner who is collecting all the information for the Glade.
A spy for WICKED that reports information about the Glade back to the organization.
Thomas’s friend who is the Newbie to the Glade before Thomas is.
The leader of the Glade who is very mean and nasty.
2

2. What does Thomas want to be right from the beginning of the story?
A runner.
A Glader.
A Griever.
The dictator of the Glade.
0

3. Why are Grievers so dangerous?
If you don’t get out of the Maze in time, then you’ll die of the Grievers’ poisoning.
Sometimes Grief Serum fails and you die anyway.
Grievers kill instantly.
Every time you see a Griever, the chances of escaping is less since the Grievers alert WICKED to decrease the amount of kids in the Glade.
0

4. What are Runners?
They run around the Glade like chickens. 
They run into the dangerous Maze, remember what they see, dodge dangerous Grievers, and turn what they see into a map when they come back into the Maze.
1

5. What do Thomas and Minho do that no other Glader has done before?
They don’t go through the Changing even though they are stung by Grievers. 
They escape from the Glade by themselves.
They kill another Glader.
They survive a night in the Maze. 
3

6. What is odd that happens the day after Thomas comes?
The first girl arrives to the Glade only one day after Thomas arrives, and she delivers an eerie message to the Gladers.
Thomas is immediately elected to be a Slopper because he does not look to be useful
Thomas is thrown off the Cliff.
The Gladers remember the lost memories
0

7. What does WICKED stand for?
World In Catastrophe Killzone Experience Depot
Winner Integration Community Knack Environment Delegation
World In Catastrophe Killzone Experiment Department
Wicked International Connection Kayaking Environment Disaster
2

8. Who is Frypan?
The cook for the Gladers.
A frying pan that talks.
The leader of the Gladers.
A Glader who likes fried food.
0

10. What did Thomas do before he came to the Glade?
He helped WICKED capture other teens for the Glade.
He helped WICKED design the Maze.
He  was an avid protester of WICKED.
He trained at self-defense and was very good at it. 
1

12. What happens with the computer in the Griever Hole?
Teresa can’t enter the last code word and open the door.
The computer crashes at a Griever’s command.
The computer explodes into a flaming ball of sparks, seriously hurting Thomas, Teresa, and the Grievers around them.
There is no method of inputting the code words.
0

13. What happens to Gally?
He is controlled by the Creators and does whatever they want him to do.
He becomes the savior of the Gladers when the Creators try to kill all of them.
Gally becomes the head of WICKED and tries to make sure at all costs that the Gladers do not escape, but they do anyway, so he tries to put them in another Maze.
Gally is killed by WICKED because he escaped the Maze without a team.
0

14. How many sections are in the Maze?
4
32
23
8
3

15. What does Thomas promise to Chuck?
Thomas will bring Chuck back to where his home is.
Thomas will get everyone out of the Glade.
Thomas will get Chuck out of being a Slopper.
Thomas make Chuck the most popular Glader.
0

16. What does Thomas feel he is missing when he first comes to the Glade? 
Information
A job
His identity
Both ‘a’ and ‘c’
3

17. How do the Gladers escape from the Maze?
They jump down the Griever Hole after a long fight.
There is a small hole in the walls of the Maze they never noticed before, and going through the crack leads them to an exit.
They fight 3 Grievers, and when they kill them all, the Box allows them to travel down to an exit safely.
The Maze disappears one day, and the Gladers find a door in the middle of the where the Maze was which is an exit.
0

18. What does Ben claim about Thomas?
He has seen him before, and claims that Thomas will try to make everyone escape from the Maze.
Thomas is the best Glader they ever had, and his contributions should put him in the Glader Hall of Fame.
Thomas should be sent down the Box because he asks too many questions.
Thomas should be a Runner so he can get stung by a Griever and retrieve his memories.
0

19. What is Thomas’s punishment for entering the Maze at night?
He is put in the Slammer for a week with only bread and water.
Thomas is Banished for breaking the Number One Rule of the Glade.
He gets one day in the Slammer, and then he is elected as a Runner. 
Thomas is celebrated for his good deed of saving Alby.
2

20. Who is Thomas named after?
Thomas Cook
Thomas the tank Engine
Thomas Alva Edison
Thomas Jefferson
2