1. Name two Royal Houses.
House Merandes and House House Irel
House Iral and House Callore
House Maven and House Barrow
House Jacos and House Samos
3

2. What are the two different types of blood in Red Queen?
Red and Blue
Red and Green
Silver and Red
Red and Blue
2

3. Who is the Samos that tries to kill Mare in the Bowl of Bones?
Ptolemus Samos
Evangeline Samos
Volo Samos
Potlemus Samos
0

4. Why do the royal houses try to kill Cal?
Because Cal was framed for beheading his father by Queen Elara and Maven.
Because Cal swore oath to the Scarlet Guard.
Because Cal tried to kill Maven.
Because Elara didn’t like Cal.
0

5. Why does Mare become Lady Titanos?
Because she was Silver the whole time but grew up Red and the High Houses had to do something about it.
Because Mare demonstrated her ability in front of the public during Queenstrial and the High Houses had to cover it up.
Because Mare died and her blood magically turned Silver so the skin healers revived her.
Lady Titanos dies and she was betrothed to Cal so they needed a replacement.
1

6. What is the name of the person who Mare is friends with in the 
Stilts and is learning to be a fisherman (but his master dies)?
Kelorn
Kilorn
Shade
Tramy
1

7. What’s so special about Mare’s ability?
a. She can produce energy for lightning without needing external items (like a bracelet).
b. It makes her want ice cream all the time.
c. It is a unique ability that Silvers do not have.
Both “a” and “c”. 
3

8. Who is Evangeline Samos?
Cal’s betrothed (she will become the queen of Norta)
Maven’s betrothed
A close friend of the Barrow family.
The queen of Norta.
0

9. How much does Farley charge to transport Kilorn and Mare  away?
1000 crowns.
2000 crowns.
500 gold coins.
Nothing!
0

10. What do Whistles do, like Will Whistle?
They whistle!
They call for people and deliver them bad news.
They sell obscure items.
They know the Whistle secret language, which allows them to know what the royal family does and tell this to the Reds.
2

11. What happens to Gisa?
Since Gisa steals, Silvers break her finger so she can’t sew anymore, and she loses her job.
Gisa hurts her hand while sewing since her needle punctures her skin.
Mare gets in a large fight with Gisa about Gisa succeeding and Mare not being as smart and intelligent, and Mare breaks Gisa’s wrist in the fight.
Gisa is upset that she doesn’t get paid enough, and screams at her master. In return, Gisa’s wrists and fingers are broken. 
0

12. Why does Mare get hired in the palace?
Cal sees her when she leaves her house temporarily since she is upset about what happened to Gisa, feels pity on her, and gets her a job.
Mare wins the Red Job Lottery, which allows her to get a job in the royal palace.
Tramy and Bree return from war and the family needs more money to support them, so they have Mare find a job.
0

13. Who is Julian Jacos?
Lady Titanos’s servant who guards her from nasty Reds.
A Scarlet Guard official who wants the king dead, and helps Mare plot a murder for King Tiberias the Sixth.
The master that teaches all the Silvers the art of fighting, and how to use their abilities.
Mare’s instructor who is very curious about her ability.
3

14. What is the Scarlet Guard?
A group that defends Reds from the wrath of Silvers.
Red police that patrols Reds and prevents them from doing something they’re not supposed to be doing.
A Red rebellion group that calls for equality and rights for Reds, and achieves their goals very violently.
A Silver group that desperately wants Red freedom, and is ready to fight and kill other Silvers for Red rights. Maven is part of this group.  
2

15. Where does Mare first meet Farley?
In Will Whistle’s wagon, trying to find a way out of Stilts to avoid conscription with Kilorn.
Outside the Stilts, on the day Gisa gets hurt.
During Queenstrial, Mare has the rare opportunity to meet a contestant, and she meets Farley, the contestant from House Iral
Farley tries to arrest Mare for pickpocketing. 
0

16. What does Mare do during Queenstrial that is so surprising?
Mare is able to outperform the rest of the servants.
Mare is able to withstand lightning and not die.
Mare is able to be a participant in Queenstrial.
Mare is able to teleport herself to a good viewing area during Queenstrial.
1

17. What does Mare know about the Scarlet Guard that Silvers 
don’t?
The Scarlet Guard has spread to places in Norta that Silvers don’t know about.
The Scarlet Guard has members right in the Silvers’ midst.
The Scarlet Guard controls the war that Norta and the Lakelands are fighting.
Both “a” and “b”.
3

18. Who is Sara Skonos?
A skin healer who lost her tongue (Elara cut it out) who was going to be married to Julian Jacos.
A mean witch who wants everybody in Norta to perish but is killed because of her torture methods.
Elara’s predecessor who died of old age. 
A generous woman who helped raise Elara Merandus since she was orphaned at a young age.
0